docs(add): encryption key step (#5131)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/secret-manager/quickstart.mdx

2. In the **Region** drop-down, select the [region](/secret-manager/concepts/#region) in which you want to store your secret.
    <Message type="important">
     Secrets cannot be moved from one region to another after creation.
    </Message>
3. Click **+ Create secret**.
4. Add your secret:
    - Choose whether to add your secret manually or import it.
        <Message type="note">
         The maximum file size for your secret is 64 KiB.
        </Message>
    - Choose a [secret type](/secret-manager/concepts/#secret-types) and enter or upload your secret value.
5. Choose a Key Manager encryption key:
    - Scaleway-managed encryption key: requires no configuration on your side.
    - Manually-managed encryption key: an existing Key Manager key you have previously created.
6. Choose a [path](/secret-manager/concepts/#path) for your secret.
    <Message type="important">
      A [path](/secret-manager/concepts/#path) is the directory structure to access your secrets and their [versions](/secret-manager/concepts/#version). Each path **must be prefixed** with a slash.
    </Message>

> 7. Enter a name for your secret and add tags (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Enter a name for your secret, and, optionally, add a description and tags.
```
